feat: add stable ZRLE decoding support (#29)
Goddchen/dart-rfb: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.8.0
- Upgrade `binary` to 4.0.0
- Manage Dart SDK via `fvm`

## 0.9.0

> - Add full support for the ZRLE encoding (client-side decompression plus tests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add full support for the ZRLE encoding ( thanks @Spokplacenta )
```
